[Docs]  Update Grafana docs about auto-load JSON (#53256)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/kubernetes/k8s-ecosystem/prometheus-grafana.md

* KubeRay provides an [install.sh script](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/master/install/prometheus/install.sh) to install the [kube-prometheus-stack v48.2.1](https://github.com/prometheus-community/helm-charts/tree/kube-prometheus-stack-48.2.1/charts/kube-prometheus-stack) chart and related custom resources, including **PodMonitor** and **PrometheusRule**, in the namespace `prometheus-system` automatically.

> * In KubeRay v1.4.0,`install.sh` provides a flag to automatically imports the Ray dashboard JSON files from [config/grafana](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/tree/master/config/grafana) into Grafana. You can automatically load Ray dashboard JSON with command `install.sh --auto-load-dashboard true`. If you want to use JSON files from a different Ray version, you can manually import them using the instructions in [Step 10](#step-10-access-grafana).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Starting with KubeRay v1.4.0,`install.sh` provides a flag to automatically imports the Grafana dashboard JSON files from [config/grafana](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/tree/master/config/grafana) into Grafana. You can automatically load Grafana dashboard JSON with command `install.sh --auto-load-dashboard true`. If you want to use JSON files from a different Ray version, you can manually import them by following the instructions in [Step 10](#step-10-access-grafana).
```

* The default password is defined by `grafana.adminPassword` in the [values.yaml](https://github.com/prometheus-community/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/kube-prometheus-stack/values.yaml) of the kube-prometheus-stack chart.

> Currently, we have added auto loading of dashboard JSON if you use `install.sh` to deploy with the latest version of Kuberay. Dashboards (e.g. `KubeRay-Controller-Runtime-Controllers` etc.) should appear in Grafana automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, we have added auto loading of dashboard JSON if you use [install.sh](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/master/install/prometheus/install.sh) to deploy with the latest version of Kuberay. Dashboards (e.g. `KubeRay-Controller-Runtime-Controllers` etc.) should appear in Grafana automatically.
```

Might be better i think

Author: Nice! thanks!

> However, if the dashboards aren't loaded, you could still manually import them with the following steps.

Reviewer 2: I think we also need to tells the user the ray grafana dashboards provided in the KubeRay repository are not fully synced with the latest version of Ray.

WDYT?

Author: I think this function only added auto load and it doesn't care what dashboard is in kuberay repo it just load them all.

Maybe you could add that in your PR when you final polish this document?

Reviewer 2: Got it. Thanks!

> However, if the dashboards aren't loaded, you could still manually import them with the following steps.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you want to use JSON files from a different Ray version, you can manually import them using the following instructions.
```

* The default password is defined by `grafana.adminPassword` in the [values.yaml](https://github.com/prometheus-community/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/kube-prometheus-stack/values.yaml) of the kube-prometheus-stack chart.

In KubeRay v1.4.0, [install.sh](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/master/install/prometheus/install.sh) provides a flag to automatically imports the Ray dashboard JSON files from [config/grafana](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/tree/master/config/grafana) into Grafana.

> You can automatically load Ray dashboard JSON with command `install.sh --auto-load-dashboard true`.

Author: Good catch, moved them to step2.
